Add limitations section to SMS testing page to inform about montly SM… (#1049)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/testing/test-emails-and-phones.mdx

Verification messages are used during sign-up, sign-in, and when adding an email address or phone number to an existing account.

## Limitations

> If Clerk is used to deliver SMS for your development instance, a maximum of 20 SMS can be delivered per calendar month.

Author: Done

After that, requests resulting in OTP SMS messages will be rejected.

> Other SMS notifications will still produce a webhook but not actually be sent to the target number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other SMS notifications will still produce a webhook but won't be sent to the target number.
```

Author: Done

The following cases does not count toward the limit:

> * SMS sent to US numbers
> * SMS sent to test numbers
> * Self-delivered SMS (i.e. not delivered by Clerk)
> * SMS for apps with a paid subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SMS messages sent to US numbers
* SMS messages sent to test numbers
* Self-delivered SMS messages (i.e. not delivered by Clerk)
* SMS messages for apps with a paid subscription
```

Author: Done
